This addon adds a police armory robbery system for specific jobs to try and rob, and for your government to protect. It's a nice and fully custom system. It has many custom options to fit your wants in the terms of settings for the police armory.

Maybe you've seen my other bank robbery scripts. 

Below you can see what you can customize, as well as the features of this addon.

After a successful robbery everything within the armory spawns just in front of it. The money is automatically put into the robbers wallet, but the shipments and ammo is spawned around of the armory.

Features

✔️ Rob-able police armory. 

✔️ Many configuration to fit your server. 

✔️ Automatically wanted when robbing the armory. 

✔️ Robber must stay within x distance from the armory, or the robbery will fail. The distance can be customized! 

✔️ Everything in the police armory is added over time. The time and how much can very easily be modified within the config of the addon! 

✔️ Different countdowns above the armory to show how long time before a robbery is successful, or to show the cool down before the next robbery. 

✔️ Allowed teams table to define what teams can rob the bank. 

✔️ Disallowed teams table to define who cannot rob the bank. 

✔️ Automatically grabs every shipment on your server, as well as ammo. So when a robbery is successful, it will choose randomly from your server! 

✔️ Customize the armory screen text and colors to your liking! 

✔️ Weapon retrieve menu for government teams! 

✔️ And much more!

Installation

This addon supports DarkRP 2.7.0+

Other newer versions should also work. If they do not, please create a ticket so this can be sorted.

Extract darkrparmoryrobberysystem to your addons!

Setup Armory

Once you've done that, you will want to set up the location of the armory.

All you have to do now is launch your server, find a fitting spot for the vault, and type policearmory_setpos in console.

To reposition the armory just type the command at another location and wait 5 seconds. It will automatically respawn.

Remember, it will set the angle of your client. So make sure you are aiming the correct way.

Customizing

To customize the general settings, go to darkrparmoryrobberysystem/lua/ch_armory_robbery/shared/armory_config.lua

To customize the armory design settings, go to darkrparmoryrobberysystem/lua/ch_armory_robbery/shared/armory_config_design.lua

There's 90 lines of pure customization. Everything from timers, rewards to the design of the armory screen, as well as the weapon retrieve menu.

Errors & Support

If you find any problems with the script, please create a support ticket with details of the situation and a copy/paste of the error in console. I am also not interested in modifying you a custom version of the addon. Also not upon payment. Sorry!

Conflicting addons is not to be said if I will support that or not. This is something I will decide upon confrontation about a conflicting addon. If you have some sort of proof that an addon is conflicting with my addon, please send me a PM with the details you might have.

Thank you!